RHDEVDOCS-4441 - Logging 5.3.14 Release Notes (#53576)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/cluster-logging-rn-5.3.14.adoc

//module included in cluster-logging-release-notes.adoc
:_content-type: REFERENCE

> [id="cluster-logging-release-notes-5-3-14{context}"]

Reviewer: Usually there is an _ before {context} but I don't think it really matters here. Only change it if you feel like it.

= Logging 5.3.14
This release includes link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHSA-2022:8889[OpenShift Logging Bug Fix Release 5.3.14].

[id="openshift-logging-5-3-14-bug-fixes"]
== Bug fixes
None.

> 

Reviewer 2: @libander Can you add [LOG-3293](https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-3293)

> * Before this update, the log file size map generated by the `log-file-metrics-exporter` component did not remove entries for deleted files, resulting in an increase file size, and process memory. With this update, the log file size map does not contain entries for deleted files. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-3293[LOG-3293])

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Before this update, the log file size map generated by the `log-file-metrics-exporter` component did not remove entries for deleted files, resulting in increased file size and process memory. With this update, the log file size map does not contain entries for deleted files. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-3293[LOG-3293])
```
